# up206a-matt

I'm Matt, a second year master's student in the urban planning department. I have an independent concentration in political ecology and climate change, but it's really close to the EAP concentration. From this class I'm hoping to learn fundamental principles of spatial data science and how to represent spatial relations using mapping software (i.e. I'd like to make some cool, pretty maps). I'm not sure what my final project will be, though I have a few ideas.
  - I lived in New Orleans for five years before coming to UCLA and worked in climate adaptation. I have a pet project of wanting to make an accurate map of crevasses (breaks) in the Mississippi River levee system since the beginning of its construction in the 1700s. It sounds obscure but I've never been able to find a map like it and I know some people who would find it really useful.
  - I've been working on a research project that is developing recommendations for climate-friendly jobs in the spirit of the Green New Deal. It'd be cool to continue this work in some way but I haven't spent enough time thinking about what would be useful yet. Maybe mapping renewable energy manufacturing sites in the US.
  - I'm doing the community collaborative project for my capstone; we'll be working with labor unions and community groups looking into the effects of Covid-19 on the Los Angeles regional economy and developing policies that would create a more just, equitable, green economy. I have a feeling that something interesting will come out of this research later in the quarter that would be useful to map.
  - Maybe I should do something totally different though--I'm open to other ideas!
